You don't come here
I'm already married.
My husband won't let you go
You married that stinky brick bearer
Do you have the ability to let him save you?
If he dares to come?
I'll kill him
He couldn't even lift a brick
So let the two of you have a hard life
Just because you still want to do it to me
I'll tell you what.
I can point to you once, I can point to you a second time
Why are you here?
Such a good chicken
Hahaha
It's so fragrant, Brother Song
Why don't you leave your husband?
Go back and be Xiaomi for me
How nice, hahaha.
Ah!
Mingzhu, is this not good?
You want to plead for him?
Leave it alone
Their Song family will cooperate with the Feng family soon
That is the richest man in Haicheng. Once the cooperation is successful
The identity of the Song family went up in an instant
Can't we top it?
Not to mention Brother Song Nan's husband who moved bricks
Just one day at a time
That's right, three days later
We are going to sign Lengfeng with Feng Group
Send Zhou Dejun
So you better pack up Brother Song Wang
If it satisfies me
maybe
I can also consider bringing your Zhou family to play together
Ah Mingzhu
I can also say Su Ma Ge
How dare this stinky woman provoke you
Which Zhou Dejun are you?
Why do you need two people?
Bring our family to make a fortune together
That's true.
My sister is so horny
A man can satisfy her
Uh up
clean
One bite of brother makes you feel good
Ah!
Stinky bitch you bite me
When will it be installed?
Ha ha.
Let him go!